everyone finally enjoyed a blissful moment. There was a remarkable view
from the best place on the deck in the reserved seats.
“What a fantastic view! I’m really super excited!!!!”
A group of girls led by Karuizawa showed up from the inboard
compartments. She pointed at the ocean and with a ear-to-ear grin said:
“Really, what a terrible scenery…”
Kushida Kikyō, one of the girls of the group idling about, was also ecstatic
and was sighing while looking at the sea.
After overwhelming hardships, the midterm and the finals we finally
welcomed summer vacation. It was waiting for us with open arms.
Koudo Ikusei Senior High School had organized for us a luxurious two-week
trip. A cruise on a luxury liner.
“I’m glad I didn’t leave school, Ken. If this trip was an ordinary trip, it
would’ve been definitely impossible for me. How does it feel to be someone
on the verge of being kicked out, who was in the last place even in the final
exam? Tell me, how does it feel?”
Even if this question was instigated by Yamauchi Haruki, Sudō Ken, far from
looking blue, just howled with laughter. The fierce and cool appearance of
the lone wolf merged completely into the laughing classmate’s figure. “It’s
all a piece of cake if I depend on my skills. Didn’t they say I could show my
ability of playing the leading role to resolve everything with my intellect?”
Despite being in agony only some time ago, this trip seems to have
completely blown everything away. It surely seems like this blue sea washes
https://mp4directs.com
away all the usual troublesome things and the difficult situations.
“I never would’ve dreamed I could be part of such a luxurious trip. And it’s 2
weeks, 2 WEEKS. When mom and dad will hear it, they will be so surprised
that they will piss in their pants”.
As Sudō said, from an ordinary person’s point of view, this is a non-standard
trip. In this high school, supported by the country, there’s really no need to
pay for miscellaneous expenses or tuition. And naturally, even for this trip.
It’s all special treatment.
And needless to say, the exterior of the liner we boarded and the facilities
were also very fulfilling. From a first class restaurant and the theater where
you can enjoy plays or live performance, to a classy spa fully equipped of
anything. If I ever thought of travelling as an individual here, I would need to
spend 100.000 yen in the off-season.
Finally, such a marvellous and commended trip starts today.
The schedule will go on like this.
In the first week, we’re going to make the most of our summer vacation by
staying at a pension built on a desert island.
Then, the following week we’re going to sojourn on the cruise boat. At 5 am,
the first year students will take the bus simultaneously and head towards
Tokyo Bay, then the passenger ship will leave from the port where the
students boarded.
While eating breakfast in the liner’s lounge, the students could behave as they
pleased. Additionally, a very fortunate thing was that all the facilities on the
https://mp4directs.com
ship could be used free of charge. For us, usually worried about points of
shortage and expenses, this was a life-saver.
Suddenly, Kushida turned towards me and gave me a thoughtful look.
Backed by the ocean and the blue sky, Kushida looked even more shining
and I don’t know why but my heart pounded, despite being ugly.
Impossible, it can’t be that she…towards me.
“Well then, how about Horikita-san? Aren’t you always together?”
I couldn’t allow myself to be captured in the haze of her vision. It seems like
she was simply thinking about Horikita.
“Come on, now. I’m not her guardian…”
I can’t remember seeing her on board after breakfast.
“You don’t seem much of a person who enjoys travelling, are you more like
one who enjoys staying in the room?”
“I guess so”
“Around noon we can go on the private beach of the island and swim freely. I
can’t wait!!”
It seems like this school owns a small island in the south, and we’re heading
there now.
“Attention to all the students! Please gather on the deck. You’ll be able to see
the island soon. For a while, you will be able to see a very meaningful and
splendid scenery”. This curious announcement suddenly reverberated
https://mp4directs.com
throughout the ship. Kushida and the others paid attention to it and calmly
seemed to be looking forward to what was to come.
A few minutes after several students started to gather, the island appeared.
Ike let out a whoop of joy. The students noticed it and they began to cluster
on the deck all at once. When a whole mass of people crowded the place,
some bossy students came to push us so that they could take our place on the
best position.
“Ah so bothersome…Hey, get out of the way! You rejects!”
In that moment, one of the very intimidating boys thrust away my shoulder.
In a sudden fluster, I grabbed the balustrade of the deck to avoid losing
balance and falling. Those students laughed at me in disdain.
“Hey you, what the fuck are you doing?”
Sudō became extremely upset and intimidated on the spot. Kushida, worried
by the situation, came beside me. Another girl who followed behind that
student and saw the scene actually had a very miserable aspect.
“You should understand this schools’ system. It’s a school based on merit.
There are no human rights in class D. ‘Defectives’ have to behave obediently
and submissively, like the rejects they are. This side, we’re all class A”.
The D class then departed from the bow (of the boat) like they had been
kicked out. Sudō seemed displeased, still he didn’t give in to a fight and was
able to endure with it, which proved that he was becoming a little more
grown-up. Or was it simply because he understood and accepted class D’s
inferior position?
https://mp4directs.com